PM-Kisan Samman Nidhi New Farmer Registration Know Your Status The Hon’ble Prime Minister has released the 22nd installment of the PM-KISAN on 13th March 2026 from Guwahati, Assam. eKYC is MANDATORY for PMKISAN Registered Farmers. OTP Based eKYC is available on PMKISAN Portal or nearest CSC centres may be contacted for Biometric based eKYC. Important Note: The Department has identified certain suspected cases that may fall under the exclusion criteria outlined in the PM-KISAN scheme guidelines. These include, for example: (i) Farmers who acquired land ownership after 01-02-2019, (ii) Cases where more than one family member is receiving benefits (e.g., both husband and wife, an adult member and minor, etc.). The benefits for such cases have been temporarily withheld till physical verification is completed. Farmers are requested to check their eligibility status on Know Your Status (KYS) of PM KISAN website/ mobile app or Kisan eMitra chatbot for further details. Period Wise Number of Farmers Benefited 9,46,15,309 DEC-MAR 2025-26 9,35,79,869 AUG-NOV 2025-26 9,71,41,402 APR-JUL 2025-26 10,06,85,615 DEC-MAR 2024-25 9,59,28,628 AUG-NOV 2024-25 9,38,01,580 APR-JUL 2024-25 9,04,44,694 DEC-MAR 2023-24 8,12,16,697 AUG-NOV 2023-24 8,56,79,091 APR-JUL 2023-24 8,12,38,919 DEC-MAR 2022-23 8,57,40,741 AUG-NOV 2022-23 10,48,45,164 APR-JUL 2022-23 10,41,68,513 DEC-MAR 2021-22 10,34,47,290 AUG-NOV 2021-22 9,99,17,958 APR-JUL 2021-22 9,84,76,200 DEC-MAR 2020-21 9,72,27,546 AUG-NOV 2020-21 9,26,93,999 APR-JUL 2020-21 8,20,91,667 DEC-MAR 2019-20 7,66,01,029 AUG-NOV 2019-20 6,00,34,872 APR-JUL 2019-20 3,16,21,743 DEC-MAR 2018-19 Payment Success Farmers Corner New Farmer Registration Edit / Update Self Registration Status of Self Registered Farmer/ CSC Farmers Update Missing Information Know Your Status Update Mobile Number Online Refund Voluntary Surrender of PM Kisan Benefits Beneficiary List Search your Point of Contact (POC) Voluntary Surrender Revocation Surrender Revocation Status State Transfer Request Helpdesk - Query Form Download PM Kisan Mobile App FAQ Download KCC Form Useful Links Financing Facility Under Agriculture Infrastructure Campaign for Saturation of all PM KISAN beneficiaries with Kisan Credit Cards (KCC) Interaction with Farmers and Release of PM-Kisan Samman Nidhi by Hon'ble Prime Ministry of India Shri Narendra Modi on 9th August 2021 12:30 PM IST Interaction with Farmers and Release of PM-Kisan Samman Nidhi by Hon'ble Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi on 14th May 2021 11:00 AM IST Webcast of Hon'ble Prime Minister's event on the occasion of the " One Year Completion of the PM-Kisan and Distribution of Kisan Credit Cards (KCC) " PM-KISAN Scheme PM Kisan is a Central Sector scheme with 100% funding from Government of India. It has become operational from 1.12.2018. Under the scheme an income support of 6,000/- per year in three equal installments will be provided to all land holding farmer families. Definition of family for the scheme is husband, wife and minor children. State Government and UT administration will identify the farmer families which are eligible for support as per scheme guidelines. The fund will be directly transferred to the bank accounts of the beneficiaries. There are various Exclusion Categories for the scheme. Scheme Exclusion The following categories of beneificiaries of higher economic status shall not be elligible for benefit under the scheme. All Institutional Land holders. Farmer families which belong to one or more of the following categories:. Former and present holders of constitutional posts Former and present Ministers/ State Ministers and former/present Members of LokSabha/ RajyaSabha/ State Legislative Assemblies/ State Legislative Councils,former and present Mayors of Municipal Corporations, former and present Chairpersons of District Panchayats. All serving or retired officers and employees of Central/ State Government Ministries /Offices/Departments and its field units Central or State PSEs and Attached offices /Autonomous Institutions under Government as well as regular employees of the Local Bodies (Excluding Multi Tasking Staff /Class IV/Group D employees) All superannuated/retired pensioners whose monthly pension is Rs.10,000/-or more (Excluding Multi Tasking Staff / Class IV/Group D employees) of above category All Persons who paid Income Tax in last assessment year Professionals like Doctors, Engineers, Lawyers, Chartered Accountants, and Architects registered with Professional bodies and carrying out profession by undertaking practices. --%> Bharati Need Help? Ask Kisan-eMitra