PMAY (U) Government of India Apply for PMAY-U 2.0 Compendium of Good Practices PMAY-U Newsletters PMAY-U Dashboard PMAY(Urban) - Progress 125.24 Lakhs Houses Sanctioned 119.08 Lakhs Houses Grounded 98.01 Lakhs Houses Completed ₹ 2.09 Lakh Cr. Central Assistance Committed ₹ 174960 Cr. Central Assistance Released ₹ 8.76 Lakh Cr. Total Investment Public Notice (Click to View) | Expression of Interest (EoI) for shortlisting of Entities for Construction, Operation and Maintenance of Rental Housing by Private/Public Entities for urban poor, working women, employees of Industries, Industrial Estates, Institutions and other eligible EWS/LIG families under Model-2 of ARH vertical of PMAY-U 2.0 National Progress State Wise Progress City Wise Progress Affordable Rental Housing Complexes (ARHCs) Ministry of Housing & Urban Affairs has initiated Affordable Rental Housing Complexes (ARHCs), a sub-scheme under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana - Urban (PMAY-U). This will provide ease of living to urban migrants/ poor in Industrial Sector as well as in non-formal urban economy to get access to dignified affordable rental housing close to their workplace. Read More Global Housing Technology Challenge (GHTC) - India MoHUA has initiated the Global Housing Technology Challenge - India (GHTC-India) which aims to identify and mainstream a basket of innovative construction technologies from across the globe for housing construction sector that are sustainable, eco-friendly and disaster-resilient. Light House Projects Enrol as T ECHNOGRAHI Read More CLSS Awas Portal (CLAP) A web based monitoring system, CLSS Awas Portal (CLAP) is a common platform where all stakeholders i.e. MoHUA, Central Nodal Agencies, Primary Lending Institutions, Beneficiaries and Citizens are integrated in real time environment. The portal facilitates processing of applications along with tracking of subsidy status by beneficiaries. CLSS tracker has also been incorporated in PMAY(U) mobile App and UMANG platform. Read More Angikaar Media Coverage Facebook Updates Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana - Urban, Government of India Twitter Updates Official account of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban) - Housing For All INFOGRAPHICS PHOTOS TESTIMONIALS PMAY(U) GURUKUL - Knowledge Lab Glimpses of Beneficiary Led Construction(BLC) Houses View More Glimpses of Affordable Housing in Partnership(AHP) Houses View More Glimpses of In-SITU SLUM Redevelopment(ISSR) Houses View More Glimpses of Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme(CLSS) Houses View More Beneficiary Awards for Best House Construction View More X X Home Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Hyperlinking Policy Copyright Policy Sitemap Copyright © 2019 Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs, Government of India, All rights reserved.